Workers: Add user limits documentation (#11372)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/pricing.md

{{</table-wrap>}}

{{<Aside type="note" header="Custom limits">}}

> More strict limits can be configured for a Worker's maximum CPU time. Limits can be configured via the Dashboard or with [Wrangler](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#limits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the maximum amount of CPU time that can be used per invocation by [defining limits in your Worker's `wrangler.toml` file](/workers/wrangler/configuration/#limits), or via the Cloudflare dashboard.
```

Reviewer: Might be worth a paragraph on why you'd use this, to prevent accidental runaway bills, prevent denial of wallet. Could be either here (in context of pricing where most relevant) or on other page.
